Source:  bp.core\doc\internal\technical\Compare\compare-i175.int 

Note: The following tests were written for SQL/BAK files but here they are 
executed for .mdl files. The text of unit test is not changed to depict this.

- i175.UT-1   Test basic comparison functionality
     - i175.UT-1.1
    x- Create a copy of testOAL1.bak, Make changes to the "Domain Description", 
       "Function Name" (test to testNew), Change attribute Disk_ID name in class 
        Disk, Change Action Semantics Field of Function 'initialize', Change an 
        Event’s name, Change name of State machine and save it as testOAL1New.sql.
        Select the two files (testOAL1.sql and testOAL1New.sql), in the context menu 
        select Compare With > Each Other. 
    xR It shows the above differences in the files. 

  - i175.UT-1.2
   x- Clicking on an Item on comparison tree.
   xR Selects the text for that node and its children, in lower window panes (left 
      and right panes).   

x- i175.UT-2   Comparing two logically same models
x- Compare two SQL files with logically same model but different unique IDs
   Export the sql for model testOAL1.bak and change the IDs and name them as 
   testOAL1.sql and testOAL2.sql. Make sure that both files have different IDs 
   associated with the same objects. Compare them both. 
xR The compare progress dialog appears loading both models. Finally the compare 
   tree viewer title bar will show "Bridge Point Model Comparison (No Structural 
   Differences)".

x- i175.UT-3   Two similar files should not be compared.
x- Create a copy testOAL1.sql named testOAL2.sql. Compare testOAL1.sql and 
   testOAL2.sql.
xR A Dialog box appears stating "There are no differences between the selected 
   inputs."

- i175.UT-4   Compare Invalid SQL files
x- Remove the header of SQL File i.e. delete line "-- BP 6.1D content: domain 
   syschar: 3".  Compare with the original SQL file. 
xR The compare window should show that 
   "Bridge Point Model Comparison (Can't Compare Structures)” and shows a dialog
   box showing error message that file is not a valid uml model.
   
- i175.UT-5   Restore from Local History
   x- i175.UT-5.1
    x- Delete testOAL1.sql. Right click the project folder, click "Restore from 
       Local History...". 
   
    xR A window appears with a list of locally deleted files labeled as 
       "CompareTest - Available files in Local History". 
   
   x- i175.UT-5.2
   x- Select testOAL1.sql. 
   xR The import SQL progress dialog appears and loads the model. The lower 
      pane of the window has the text of testOAL1.sql. The top right pane has a 
      list of timestamps for each day of this file. 

   x- i175.UT-5.3
   x- Click on different times (representing history of the file at the time) 
   x_R On each click the respective version of the SQL file is loaded and its 
      text is shown below. 

   x- i175.UT-5.4
   x- Click on the date node.
   xR Clears the lower text pane. 
   
   x- i175.UT-5.5
   x- Click again on any number of sub items (the time labels).
   xR Shows the text again in the pane below. 
   
   x- i175.UT-5.6
      Click the check box on the left of testOAL1.sql in left pane and press 
      Restore button.
   xR The selected version of testOAL1.sql will be restored.
   
   x- i175.UT-5.7
      Check contents of testOAL1.sql, it should contain valid SQL statements.
   xR The SQL file remains intact (updated to the version to which it is 
      restored)

x- i175.UT-6
    - i175.UT-6.1
    x- Compare With > Local History
    x_R It shows a list of timestamps of the file. Double click on any of them. 
       The compare will be performed showing the structural difference between 
       the two version of the file. The comparison tree appears at right top 
       pane. While the two files appear side by side in the panes below. 

  x- i175.UT-6.2
   x-   Click on any node (timestamps of file) labeled by date.
   xR The lower pane is cleared.
   
  - i175.UT-6.3
   x- Click on any node with time as label
   xR The comparison is performed again.
   
x- i175.UT-7
   x- i175.UT-7.1
   x- Replace with > Local History
   xR Results are same as the test "Compare With > Local History" except that no
      difference tree is shown this time. Only text of the two files is shown in 
      the lower panes.
  x- i175.UT-7.2
   x- Select any timestamp of the file and press Replace button.
   xR That version of the file replaces the current version of the file
  
- i175.UT-8  Testing compare with CVS 
_- Check testOAL1.sql into CVS, And then make changes as stated above. In the 
   context menu attempt following options:
   
   x- i175.UT-8.1
   x- Team > Synchronize With Repository...
      Select modified file testOAL1.sql and perform Synchronize with repository      
   _R Outgoing changes are indicated by an arrow (added to the file icon) 
      pointing towards the right.
      
   x- i175.UT-8.2
   x- Double click on the file to run the comparison operation. 
   x_R The comparison is shown accordingly.
   	  
   x- i175.UT-8.3
   x- Check in another version of the same file from some other location. Now 
   	  your local copy is older then the repository file. Perform the 
   	  Synchronize again.
   x_R Incoming changes are indicated by an arrow (added to the file icon) 
      pointing towards left.
   
 - i175.UT-9
     x- i175.UT-9.1
     x- Team > Merge
        This functionality requires that the file has a starting point in a 
        branch. Run this on an SQL file which is being branched from HEAD 
        (e.g. ooaofooa.sql). (Follow the merge process as described in eclipse 
        documentation)
        First dialog asks for the starting point, select the appropriate version. 
        Then the next dialog asks the places the changes are to be merged from. 
        Press Finish.
      
     x_R Branched File is changed and HEAD remains same
    
      x- i175.UT-9.2
      x_- Modify the branched ooaofooa.sql, and perform the steps mentioned above
         for merge. 
      x_R The file ooaofooa.sql will be shown with incoming changes.           
      
      x- i175.UT-9.3
      x- Double click on the file to Show Content Comparison.
      x_R Compare plugin is activated and the files are compared, showing the 
         performed incoming changes.    
      
      - i175.UT-9.4
      x- Both the Branched and the HEAD files are changed
         Modify the branched ooaofooa.sql and check-in back to branch. Also 
         modify the same file at HEAD and check-in the file back in HEAD. 
         Perform the steps mentioned above for merge.
      xR The file will show incoming and outgoing changes alongwith conflicts 
         (if any exist)
         
      x- i175.UT-9.5
      x- Double click the file to Show Content Comparison.
      xR Compare plugin is activated and the files are compared, showing the 
         changes & conflicts.
   
- i175.UT-10
      x-i175.UT-10.1 
      x-   Team > Show in Resource History
      x_R A list of versions submitted into the CVS of the file is shown. 
   
      x-i175.UT-10.2
      x- Select any two files and select Compare from the context menu. 
      xR  The compare will be performed showing the structural difference between 
         the two versions of the file.
      
-i175.UT-11
      - i175.UT-11.1
     x- Compare With > Latest from Repository
     xxR It shows the file in the tree (in case any difference exist)
     
      xx- i175.UT-11.2
     xx- Double Click on the file, to run the compare functionality
     xxR Comparison is performed showing both the structural and content 
         differences
      
   - i175.UT-12
   x- Compare With > Another Branch or Version
      Follow the same procedure described above for Compare With > Latest from 
      Repository.
  
- i175.UT-13
    xx- i175.UT-13.1
   xx_- Compare With > Revision (Perform this after checking in two version of 
      testOAL1.sql)
   xx_R A list of different versions in CVS are shown. 
   
     xx- i175.UT-13.2
     xx_- Double click on any version of the file 
     xx_R Comparison is done with the double clicked file and difference shown 
      accordingly
   
     x- i175.UT-13.3
     x- Replace With > Revision 
     xR Same as the above test i.e. "Compare With > Revision"   
     
x- i175.UT-17   Resource out of Sync Test.
x_-    Modify any .mdl file present in repository and eclipse workspace, outside 
    the IDE.
x_-  Compare this .mdl file with any of its revision file using the option in 
    context menu, Compare With -> Revision
x_-  Double click any revision to initiate the comparison.
x_R  The workbench gives error 
     "Resource is out of sync with the file system: /<File Path>".
  